Thanks for us, for all of us, really. Thank you. Everyone who participated and supported to bring
out this magnificent one, and which is known as "Great Guhyagarbha Splendid Present of Great
Guhya Gharbha," now it finally came. Thank you. This is all teaching of the Buddha and
Gaurapayama Sambo and all the great masters. And also, last year, right before Kanki Parthikarambh
aji
and Tranit Mahapari Narvana, he mentioned, he said, "I'm very happy to see all the many
beautiful books are coming with the assistance of the many Sangha members." These books are
very true teaching of what we try and follow, the exiled teaching of the Buddha and Gaurapayama,
some of the other great masters. We are really trying to stay right on the line,
now. And so therefore, it is good at the beginning, it is good in the middle, it is good now,
and it will be good in the future. So therefore, it is one of the great accomplishments and good
things. And I then like to do prayer together with all of us. We make this offering to all the
Buddhas and Bodhisattvas in light wings, and master of three lineages, master of the mind-to-mind
transmission lineage, mind-to-mind, and master of the sambole transmission lineage, and mind,
and master of the order transmission lineage, and karma, and dharma, all these great masters,
and all the practitioners and Sangha members. By making these offerings, whatever the merit is
generated, we get dedicated to all the sentient beings to bring everyone joy, peace, happiness,
realization, ignite their enlightened natures, absolute Gaurapayama sambhava. And we all revere
that beauty in nature, and get enlightenment, beautiful medalla of the Gaurapayama sambhava,
and the Buddha Amitabha. And so that is my week, and that is the week of all us. To highlight that,
I'm going to do some prayers of the Buddhas and Gaurapayama sambhava, the words of the
regular word, blessed word. So I will pray, join your intention, and as well as that prayer
that you all know, we may do that prayer one time.